Initial version (#1)
quarkiverse/quarkus-asyncapi: README.md

# quakus-async-api

Quarkus asyncapi extension. 

> Alpha version that generates AyncAPIRegistry and configuration classes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quarkus extension that generates AsyncAPIRegistry and configuration classes
```
